An initial code structure, by concern

I try to start developing application like Bark with a concise explanation of how it does what it does. This tend to lead to an initial architecture

For example, how does Bark work? 
What is it's concise description?

Using comman-line interface, a user chooses options for adding, removing and listing bookmarks stored in a database.

    Command-line interface--  This is a way to presemt options to a user and understand which options thay choose. 

    Choosing options: Once an option is chosen, some action or business logic happens as a result.

    Stored in a Database: Data needs to be persisted for later use



Abstraction claims to provide a simple way to get something done, but it ultimately requires you to have some knkowlede about waht lies beneath when using it


            CLI is the presentation layer
            Business logic layer
            Database is the persistence layer

MVC - Model-View-Controller: is a way of modeling data for persistence, providing users with a view into that data, and allowing them to control changes to that data with some set of actions.

The Persistence layer:
------
This layer will be concerned with taking information it receives and communicating it to the database.


Presentation layer
------

"""
    The presentation later of Bark contains an infinite loop:
        1. Clears the screen
        2. Prints the menu options
        3. Gets the user choice
        4. Clears the screen and executes the comman corresponding to the users choice
        5. Wait for the user to review the result, pressing Enter when they're done
    ""



Nerding out
        We just covered a heck of a lot of stuff, but I want to point out something I find exciting. Because of the way you’ve built Bark, if you want to add new functionality, there’s a clear roadmap:

        Add any new database manipulation methods you may need to database.py.
        Add a command class that performs the business logic you need in commands.py.
        Hook up the new command to a new menu option in bark.py.